update readme (#228)
learningequality/kolibri-docs: README.rst

Kolibri Docs
============

What is this?
-------------

This is the repository where user documentation for `Kolibri <https://learningequality.org/kolibri/>`__ is maintained. To read the documentation visit `kolibri.readthedocs.io <https://kolibri.readthedocs.io/>`__.

> To help translate the documentation, please visit our `'kolibri-docs' CrowdIn project <http://crowdin.com/project/kolibri-docs/>`__.

Reviewer: It's not an easy task to translate documentation, so we prefer to make sure volunteers go through a prep process with the  i18 guidelines we prepared before they start working. I suggest the following:

```suggestion
To help translate the documentation, please contact our i18n team at i18nteam@learningequality.org.
```

Author: cool thanks
